I'm going to build 1,000 dragon boats myself
Take you down to Jiangnan
Appreciate the beauty of mountains and rivers of big fish
Search for rare treasures
But Your Majesty, it costs a lot to go to Jiangnan
The people will complain
It's miserable.
Of course I know
It takes a lot of human, physical and financial resources to build a canal
But I had to do it
Why is that?
Because building the canal would create a lot of additional industries
This will make the people rich
So in order to make the people rich
You are willing to be a fool
People Like Me
Accompany my wife and I pillow by his side
Endure him and let him
My sins and deeds
Leave it to future generations to judge
Humph
You go too far.
Although Junjun met the cabinet
But the decision is still in the hands of the prime minister
Doesn't change anything.
Why should the prime minister be angry?
Can't you see it?
These days
Several other cities and old men are angry at each other
They are just dissatisfied with the city walls rejecting their votes
Nothing out of the ordinary.
And that's the insidious part of being in the military
Let the city and the old man dislike it?
So what do we do?
What has the Red Army been up to these days?
He hangs out with craftsmen all day and sees dragon boats
It seems that he really wants to go to Jiangnan
This army is not afraid of the Thousand Miles of Grass Association outside the mansion
First of all, he must be designing to frame the old man
Probably not.
Faint Monarch has been enlightened these days
Only make dragon boats by mistake
I heard he hired tens of thousands of people
They built thousands of ships at the same time.
Impossible absolutely impossible
There must be a conspiracy